Has your perspective on using AI in programming changed over the semester? Briefly explain.

I'd say it has changed in the sense I can see much clearer on how people and AI, least with code, can work more cohesively. It helped me see how it can explain terms and the way things are being done in certain parts of the code much better and sometimes helps me see it in plain english and breaks it down. I think before I'd also tend to see it as a last resort or an end all be all if I just wanted to get like a piece of code but I can see now how it works much better when you use it in tandem and have that back and forth because as capable as it is on it's own it needs someone who understands it. I kinda like to think about it as the story of Arthur and the sword Excalibur the sword as powerful as it was wouldn't have done anything if someone wasn't able to harness it's full potential and to do that you need to understand what's happening. 

How do you plan to use AI in future programming or coursework?

In the future I intend to use it more for my personal projects and ideas helping me break them down see how i can structure them better and analyze how to best start them and debugg them if I run into issues while coding them. I intend to use it while making sure I am checking because if there is anything I've also learnt is that it often get's caught in this sort of tunnel vision but that's also often because I set it to look at one piece under the misguided assumption that it just knows or sees everything simply because we've been talking about it in a chat for so long. So keeping all this in mind I want to be able to help me make projects faster and better. 
